you should probably tone down your anger
god damn it where's the fucking why the
fuck would it be North Carolina oh god
damn it listen to what I'm saying you
know we're not no that's not what I said
no it was fucking lose you can't
guarantee that you are punching for real
you are tweaking my pant leg what you're
trying to hurt people for real stop
talking over him just let him talk stop
it Jimmy legs shut the fuck up cut the
fuck up fuck up with your genome s
shoutout to talking shit I'm fucking
talking here all right what the fuck are
you doing what the fuck do you do all
day and if I cannot I'm trying to help
you you're not even drunk be slower
Paul suck a dick you return you run your
business like shit fuck off mister stop
stealing my fucking Thunder let him say
his idea that is the stupidest fucking
bullshit I've ever heard
find out how much blades can move and
nothing else
no one shout at me I'm just asking you a
question right there that you can't see
it don't question me what the fuck do
you want to know I get your too angry I
can't
who's twiddling my you playing footsie
with me oh you're that part of a family
richard dawson press the right button
put your dick away I've had it up to
here with you oh you fucked us out of 10
grand I raped you in the shower
10 grand captain Oh why's Matt so mean
yeah you're up so anyways why is he so
may I hobbits about how mean man yeah
this is bullshit this is not $1,000 boom
boom boom man man man aah
oh you don't need to shout that loudly
to anyone
you
that sounds like a bird versus of